Hello dear friends and subscribers
today I want to show you everything again for
generating village minecraft poket edishn
version 095 this village will be very
unique because a is in
limited world
LED's to it in large letters on m y n c
s e and f o
remember only in big letters here
be sure to put old since the village
will be limited infinite you nothing
work out and generate don't forget
put old the most important thing is that they
then did not resent that you have nothing
working and here the village is not found here
it is difficult here we already see sandy
the village few saw them I don't know why
for some reason he doesn't say that almost nobody
does not see sandy villages in edishn
and well, I don't know, I already remember
the second village is sandy all by yourself
look at here
principle a very decent village and
that the funniest world is limited then
There is not infinite such a very gray
little on such a small world yet
the village we we will probably taste no tsu
let's see what lies there
and in the forge with us
Wow, how many things the
4 emerald iron pants tree
iron pickaxe apple and 2 ink
pouch
basically a very rich village for
such here you can even with these residents
there will be exchanged immediately on
anything 4 for maruda
a little tank of us of course terrible from
everything can be done here is a village
It turns out, in principle, very much
not good she likes it so much too
how the world is limited and there is a village and here
the more sandy little for such
meet well subscribe to the channel
I will continue to delight you with new views
for minecraft poket edishn thank you all
until